1#CERN-HSF

Interest level:9
Knowledge level:4
Why do you want to apply ?
I am deeply interested and excited to learn more about the mysteries of the universe, about dark energy, antimatter, etc. CERN is the best-reputed organization that works in this domain.I am really passionate to contribute to this field and CERN provides me an opportunity to do so
What if this organization rejects your application next year? How will you respond?
I would be really sad. However, I would roll up my sleeves and try my luck the next year. I would also try to rectify my mistakes
What if this organization does not return for GSoC 2019? Would your effort be in vain?
I would certainly feel bad. I would try to find similar organizations that would work in this domain. I do not think that my efforts would in vain. I would gain a lot of experience from this. I believe that the journey is more important than the destination
Hours per week that I can put in for preparation: 10 Hrs





2#Open Chemistry

Interest level:8
Knowledge level:5
Why do you want to apply?
I am really fascinated by the world of atoms and molecules. The domain- quantum mechanics really excites me. The organization Open Chemistry gives me a chance to make some real contribution to this field.It is why I would like to apply for this org
What if this organization rejects your application next year? How will you respond? What if this organization does not return for GSoC 2019? Would your effort be in vain?
Same response as that of CERN HSEF
Hours per week that I can put in for Preparation: 9 Hrs





3#aimacode

Interest level:8
Knowledge level:5
Why do you want to apply?
The next biggest the revolution in the history of mankind would be the evolution of Artificial Intelligence. I would like to learn more about this technology and I am interested to make some real contribution to this field. The organization-aimacode provides me a golden opportunity to the same. That is why I would like to apply for this organization

What if this organization rejects your application next year? How will you respond? What if this organization does not return for GSoC 2019? Would your effort be in vain?
Same response as that of CERN HSEF
Hours per week that I can put in for Preparation: 10 Hrs

